Is it after all
What did you do to Shen Shuijing?
Shen workover well Shen workover well
Of course he's dead.
Haha, Su Qiang, you idiot.
Smart is mistaken by smart?
You are courting death to kill me
If you kill me, you will be immediately violated by this political law
Neither you nor Miss Shen will survive
Ye Zhen
Do you think the Empress did this to help you?
He uses you for justice
Even if I don't kill you
When this Fa-rectification dissipates, you will still die
Sucho, don't lie to me with these reasons
I won't believe it, so try it.
No, it's impossible.
How could they break the law?
How are you joe
I'm fine, take me to find Shen torn away
Sucho, don't go
You can't leave.
You come back to me come back to Sucho
Soon.
My spirit bone is about to arrive, hahahaha.
Don't move Shen Qiujie
How are you doing?
Shen Qiujie
Don't move.
What's up?
Hurt go
Miss
You're fine